Update faq.adoc (#1585)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/faq.adoc

'''
**Does Hazelcast persist?**

> Yes, Hazelcast offers several mechanisms to persist data between restarts and in the event of failures, although by default Hazelcast operates as an in-memory data store. The key persistence features are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Hazelcast offers several optional mechanisms to persist data across restarts and failures:
```
"The key persistent features are: persistence feature" was irksome and the in-memory data store point is explained after the list (it's less useful without the explanation). You could drag that final paragraph up here if you think it's important to state up front.

> - Persistence Feature: Hazelcast provides a Persistence feature that allows data to be persisted to disk. This feature can be enabled to save data for recovery after planned shutdowns or unplanned failures

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Persistence Feature: Hazelcast provides a Persistence feature that allows data to be persisted to disk. This feature can be enabled to save data for recovery after planned cluster shutdowns, unplanned single node failures, or unplanned cluster-wide failures
```

I think it's important to make this distinction here as "persistence" is a generally confusing name or this feature on our side, as it's not "full" persistence as one might expect. This helps avoid confusion (and is further covered in our persistence documentation)

> - Persistence Feature: Hazelcast provides a Persistence feature that allows data to be persisted to disk. This feature can be enabled to save data for recovery after planned cluster shutdowns, unplanned single node failures, or unplanned cluster-wide failures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Persistence: Hazelcast provides a Persistence feature that allows data to be persisted to disk. This feature can be enabled to save data for recovery after planned cluster shutdowns, unplanned single node failures, or unplanned cluster-wide failures.
```

> - MapStore and MapLoader: while Hazelcast doesn't persist data by default, it provides MapStore and MapLoader interfaces. These allow you to implement custom persistence logic to store and load data from external systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MapStore and MapLoader: the MapStore and MapLoader interfaces allow you to implement custom persistence logic to store and load data from external systems.
```

> - File-Based Backups: Hazelcast offers features for backing up in-memory maps to files on local disk, persistent memory, or external databases. This includes the Persistence feature and MapStore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- File-based backups: Hazelcast offers features for backing up in-memory maps to files on local disk, persistent memory, or external databases. This includes the Persistence feature and MapStore.
```
You've already mentioned the persistence feature and mapstore. Hopefully there's a distinct file-based backups section you can link to?

> - Persistence for Specific Data Structures: You can configure persistence for specific data structures like maps, job snapshots, and SQL metadata. This allows for data recovery in various scenarios including planned shutdowns and unplanned failures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Persistence for specific data structures: You can configure persistence for specific data structures like maps, job snapshots, and SQL metadata. This allows for data recovery in various scenarios including planned shutdowns and unplanned failures.
```

> - CP Subsystem Persistence. The CP Subsystem in Hazelcast is designed to provide strong consistency and partition tolerance. This means that during network partitions, the system prioritizes consistency over availability, ensuring that all nodes have the most up-to-date and consistent data. This significantly enhances the reliability of the CP Subsystem and ensures that the system can recover from failures without data loss

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- CP Subsystem Persistence: The CP Subsystem in Hazelcast is designed to provide strong consistency and partition tolerance. This means that during network partitions, the system prioritizes consistency over availability, ensuring that all nodes have the most up-to-date and consistent data. The CP persistence feature significantly enhances the reliability of the CP Subsystem and ensures that the system can recover from failures without data loss
```
Formatting fix, and specifically referencing CP persistence in the last sentence

> - CP Subsystem Persistence: The CP Subsystem in Hazelcast is designed to provide strong consistency and partition tolerance. This means that during network partitions, the system prioritizes consistency over availability, ensuring that all nodes have the most up-to-date and consistent data. The CP persistence feature significantly enhances the reliability of the CP Subsystem and ensures that the system can recover from failures without data loss

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CP Subsystem Persistence: The CP Subsystem is designed to provide strong consistency and partition tolerance. This means that during network partitions, the system prioritizes consistency over availability, ensuring that all nodes have the most up-to-date and consistent data. The CP Persistence feature enhances the reliability of the CP Subsystem and ensures that the system can recover from failures without data loss.
```

> - Persistence Feature: Hazelcast provides a Persistence feature that allows data to be persisted to disk. This feature can be enabled to save data for recovery after planned cluster shutdowns, unplanned single node failures, or unplanned cluster-wide failures
> - MapStore and MapLoader: while Hazelcast doesn't persist data by default, it provides MapStore and MapLoader interfaces. These allow you to implement custom persistence logic to store and load data from external systems
> - File-Based Backups: Hazelcast offers features for backing up in-memory maps to files on local disk, persistent memory, or external databases. This includes the Persistence feature and MapStore
> - Persistence for Specific Data Structures: You can configure persistence for specific data structures like maps, job snapshots, and SQL metadata. This allows for data recovery in various scenarios including planned shutdowns and unplanned failures
> - CP Subsystem Persistence: The CP Subsystem in Hazelcast is designed to provide strong consistency and partition tolerance. This means that during network partitions, the system prioritizes consistency over availability, ensuring that all nodes have the most up-to-date and consistent data. The CP persistence feature significantly enhances the reliability of the CP Subsystem and ensures that the system can recover from failures without data loss

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Persistence feature: Hazelcast provides a Persistence feature that allows data to be persisted to disk. This feature can be enabled to save data for recovery after planned cluster shutdowns, unplanned single node failures, or unplanned cluster-wide failures.
- MapStore and MapLoader: while Hazelcast doesn't persist data by default, it provides MapStore and MapLoader interfaces. These allow you to implement custom persistence logic to store and load data from external systems.
- File-Based backups: Hazelcast offers features for backing up in-memory maps to files on local disk, persistent memory, or external databases. This includes the Persistence feature and MapStore.
- Persistence for specific data structures: You can configure persistence for specific data structures like maps, job snapshots, and SQL metadata. This allows for data recovery in various scenarios including planned shutdowns and unplanned failures.
- CP Subsystem Persistence: The CP Subsystem in Hazelcast is designed to provide strong consistency and partition tolerance. This means that during network partitions, the system prioritizes consistency over availability, ensuring that all nodes have the most up-to-date and consistent data. The CP Persistence feature significantly enhances the reliability of the CP Subsystem and ensures that the system can recover from failures without data loss.
```

Author: I don't think we add end full stops to bullets unless they're numbered?

> It's important to note that while these persistence mechanisms exist, they are not enabled by default and require specific configuration. The primary design of Hazelcast focuses on in-memory operations for performance, with these persistence options available for scenarios where data durability across restarts or failures is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to note that these persistence mechanisms are not enabled by default. Hazelcast focuses on in-memory operations for performance, with these persistence options available for scenarios where data durability across restarts or failures is required.
```
Trimming some fat. Could get rid of "it's important to note that" too, but I think it's reasonable.
